I told you. I've
never met the woman.
and I certainly didn't kill her.
I don't get it. You're
after Ghillie Jack for this.
You wanted me to
help you find him.
That's before. I found
this in your stable.
So why didn't you just ask
me before you snuck it away
and I would've told you
I've never seen
that knife before.
I needed to get it checked
with Forensics first.
They recovered the broken tip
from Jean Grierson's body.
It's a perfect match.
How'd it come to
be in your stable?
It must have been planted.
It's not the first time I've
been wrongly accused of a crime.
Like your assault on a camper.
That was self-defence!
That's not how Senior
Sergeant Cripps reported it.
Cripps is a prick.
Well. you were kicked
out of the Forestry
for being a firebug.
Harris was behind
that and you know it.
He never understood
our Blackfella way
of fire management.
He campaigned against
me. Racist bastard!
Why do you think he gives
you such a hard time.
- This isn't about me.
- Oh. you reckon.
I'm just following the evidence.
Father Ntini's offering
the Mass on Sunday
in Luke's memory.
Will I see you there?
Well. you know my
views on that. Tammy.
I hear he did a drawing of where
they found that hiker's body.
You think it's him again?
Just because I'm retired.
does not mean I've given up.
I made a pledge to you. Tammy.
and I'm going to
get that bastard.
I want to make a complaint.
- About what?
- Police harassment.
Okay. yeah. Who's harassing you?
Sam Dyson.
Well. Sam's retired so it's
not exactly police harassment.
Well. are you going
to write this down?
I want it taken seriously.
I'm sick of it.
It's got to stop.
Can I help?
He reckons Sam's harassing him.
He left this on my windscreen.
He's been following
me around town.
He's out there right now.
He's already threatened
me in my own home.
You're not a cop anymore.
Old man. old habits.
So technically it's
called stalking.
Hmm.
I don't have time for
this. Sam. Gimme a break.
I saw Tammy Samson this morning.
It's the anniversary
of her son's death.
She's not always
the stoic she seems.
Grief can have a profound
effect on a person.
It can twist you up inside
and turn you into
something you're not.
I understand how much
that case means to you.
We're cops. We don't like to
lose. but it's not your fault.
and the bad guys
will keep coming.
At some point you've got to
hand over the responsibility.
I don't want to leave
a rotten legacy.
You deserve a clean slate.
I absolve you.
You're wound up too tight.
You need to relax.
Bugger off and go fishing.
Okay. okay.
Sergeant Whitford.
Kelly here from Forensics.
The partial print we
found on the knife
was not a match to Owen Cooper.
- What about Jack Stoll?
- Nuh. it's not his either.
Okay. thanks for
letting me know.
I want to talk to my dad.
I told you. it can't happen.
He's being held for
further questioning.
- I've got information.
- What information?
That knife. belongs to me.
- This it?
- Sort of.
I can't really remember
the exact spot.
but there's a group of
rocks where I had my lunch.
I was prospecting along here.
I was looking for gold and my
metal detector picked it up.
It had a broken tip.
But you know. the antler
handle was pretty cool.
Do you reckon he's
screwing us around. Sarge?
I don't know.
It's right here!
This is where I found the knife.
Well what would she be
doing all the way down here?
It's possible she was taken
from the ridge and brought here.
We know her body was
moved postmortem.
Or she could have been
killed up on the ridge
and the knife fell or it
was chucked down here.
Close off the track.
Tape off both areas.
You wait for Crime Scene.
I'll give the
Coopers a lift home.
Okay. Sarge.
This is Constable
Borhani from Brokenridge.
We need the Crime Scene.
Why'd you hide that
knife in the stable?
I wasn't allowed
to have a knife.
You're damn right.
You should have come
forward this morning.
I wasn't at home.
I was helping Kirra
shovel pig shit.
You need to keep a
tighter rein on him.
Because of that knife?
Because he hangs out
with the River Kids.
He's not really
part of that mob.
Oh no?
He incited my daughter to
firebomb someone's home
as some sort of initiation test.
- He incited her?
- That's right.
Can't she think for herself?
She's trying to make friends.
He took advantage of that.
Why you acting all
blue all of a sudden?
What's that supposed to mean?
Always looking to
blame the black kid.
Oh. that is not what I'm doing.
Oh bullshit. Look
what you did to me.
Decided I was guilty
without even telling me
what I was accused of.
It was clearly
the murder weapon.
No. it was a stitch up.
You're acting like a
proper white copper.
Oh. fuck you!
Well fuck you. too.
Brokenridge 370 to
Brokenridge 250.
You there. Sarge?
Go ahead. Brett.
Senior Sergeant Cripps has
called time on the search.
He wants you to
inform Bryan Harris
before they advise the media.
Have you found her?
Have you found Mum?
Can I have a minute
with your dad?
Just tell me what's going on.
It's alright. you can say
whatever it is you need to say.
Senior Sergeant Cripps
asked me to let you know
the official search and
rescue has been discontinued
as of this evening.
You can't do that.
And the media will be
advised in the morning.
So in other words. you're
looking for a body.
What?
No. no. no. Please.
I'm sure you've done
everything you can. Sergeant.
I'm sorry.
Are you?
Do you have any idea what
it's like to lose your mother?
Come on. Maddie.
No! You have to keep
looking for her.
Please! Please. it's my Mum!
My Mum!
That's Kirra. hey. she's
coming with your dinner.
Yes. That's your dinner.
I've got tomorrow off.
How about we start
those riding lessons?
God! Boring!
You might actually like it.
When I was your age. you
couldn't get me off a horse.
Three days a week. my
mum took me to Pony Club.
That's what I lived for.
- Pony Club?
- Hmm.
- Seriously?
I think I would rather
shovel pig shit.
What?
With Ben.
Look. he's sorry he got
me into trouble. okay.
That's why he's helping
me out at Grant's farm.
You have a summary hearing in
three months. It's serious.
- You can't screw it up.
- I'm not!
And hanging around a
bunch of delinquents
who torch people's property
with Molotov cocktails
isn't a good look for the judge.
Ben is not a delinquent.
He's still a person of
interest in a homicide.
- Bullshit!
- No bullshit. Kirra!
I want you to keep
away from him.
You're not my mother.
I totally backed you up.
Told her she's not
to see that Ben kid.
Unless you think
we're being too harsh.
Oh. it's not that.
What? Work?
You got a lot on your plate.
I'm still really pissed off
about that white copper thing.
Well. you are a copper.
and you always said you
were brought up white.
Yeah. only because I didn't
know anything about my dad.
Don't take it to heart.
Owen and his Nan. they
don't even know you.
Yeah.
I guess I was acting
like a white copper.
Let's all do something
tomorrow. as a family.
A picnic and a swim.
I want to head up to
The Farm. I've got work.
I'm just struggling
a bit at the moment.
Can we do Sunday?
Sure.
- Alright. I'm off to bed.
- I won't be long.
Hey. thank you.
What are you looking at?
I've been going over
Jack Stoll's case file.
What happened to Rose de
Vigny has similarities
to the Novak scenario.
Car found abandoned.
petrol tank empty.
So you think Ghillie
Jack made him disappear?
Matches his M.O.
He's gone and he's got hundreds
of square kilometres to hide in.
We'll never find him twice.
Thanks Brett.
- Is something wrong?
- What are you up to?
I'm just going over the case.
It's not all about
work up here. you know.
You need to know
how to unwind too.
Hmm. says the man with
an obsession board.
Ha. cheeky.
- Come on.
- Do I need anything?
Patience. Come on.
- You driving?
- Yep.
Thumb on top. at
the top of the grip.
- Yep.
- Right.
The line will go where
your thumb points.
- So up and down. alright?
- Hm-mm.
I did mention I've
never done this before.
- You ever painted?
- A wall. Helen's the artist.
Right.
Imagine you've dipped
your brush in paint.
and you're going to
fling it at the wall.
That's the action
you want. okay?
Nice and easy. going back.
and quick snap of
the wrist at the end.
- Okay?
- Yep.
And what are we
trying to catch here?
The big bastard. Brown trout.
Eight pounder. About yay big.
Hmm.
He's an elusive bugger. I've
been chasing him for years.
Think he's smarter than me.
That may well be.
but I've got patience
and one of these days.
Ah. gotcha!
When I catch him. I'm
going to have him stuffed
and mount him on the
wall. at the pub.
Alright. come on.
let's see your casting.
Alright. here I go.
- Up and...
- Oh. you're too far back.
Whoa! You're too far back.
You want to catch me around
the back of the neck!
How's it going?
Oh...
You come to kick me out?
What? Of course
not. I made lunch.
No!
You're overthinking it.
You have something very
interesting inside of you.
but you need to get
out of your head.
Easier said than done.
This is how we used to free
ourselves up. back then.
With a singalong?
The tea! Mushrooms.
They grow up here
this time of year.
It liberates the subconscious.
It helped them find creative
expression in their work.
Well. I haven't
done them in years.
The pickers found a
whole lot yesterday.
You're welcome to
have some if you want.
No. thank you.
That's a Pandora's box
I'm not willing to open.
Lunch.
You unwind yet?
All this silence
is making me jumpy.
I reckon you're a natural.
I reckon you're taking the piss.
I heard you had to tell Harris
about shutting down the search.
I thought he'd be a real
prick about it. but he wasn't.
Oh. don't be fooled.
he's still a prick.
Just like his old man. Mal.
And I should know. I was
married to Mal's daughter.
Long story short. I married
her to save my parents' farm.
They were struggling.
and Mal offered them money as
a kind of engagement gesture.
But the marriage went south.
It's my fault.
I was in love with someone else.
Her name was Deb.
She um...
She passed away a few years ago.
After a constant battle
with the old black dog.
It was just. it was too
much for her health.
I'm sorry.
- Thanks for this morning.
- No worries.
Shame we didn't catch anything.
Doesn't matter. I
still enjoyed it.
So did I.
Have a good afternoon. Sam.
What are you up to?
Fucker!
Look out!
Are they biting?
Oh. I dunno. Left
my glasses at home.
and I'm having a bugger of a
time trying to thread this hook.
- Give it here.
- Oh. thank you sir.
Do you want to. you
want to join me. mate?
Nah. just out for a drive.
Taking in the scenery.
There you go.
Thank you. sir. Cheers mate.
See ya.
Fuck!
What the hell do you
think you're doing. huh?
I've got you this
time. you sicko.
- This is assault!
- I've got you red-handed.
What are you talking about?
What were you doing
with him in the park?
- What are you doing?
- Come on. tell me.
Hey. what the hell's going on?
This maniac ran me off the road.
He's got Kayden
Shanks in his car.
Yeah. I'm giving
him a lift home.
Bullshit. I've been
watching you the past hour.
Don't think I don't
know what you're up to.
Enough.
Are you all right.
Kayden? Are you hurt?
Can you get out of
the ute for me. mate?
Come around this side. mate.
Can you tell me what
you were doing with him?
- He...
- Ahh!
We were playing
Battlehacks in the park
and he was giving
me a lift home.
You won't tell my Dad.
will you? He'll belt me.
I'm going to get Sam
to take you home. okay?
What about my bike?
I'll get your bike.
Jump in the front and put
your belt on. Good boy.
He's psycho. Running people
off the road like that.
Yeah. I'll deal with him later.
What the hell were you
doing with that kid?
Okay. look. Kayden has a
learning disability. alright?
Now. I was using
this game Battlehacks
to try to help him
with his maths.
You must know it's
not a good look.
What do you expect
people to think?
You know what?
I didn't give a fuck
what people think.
I'm trying to help a kid.
who would otherwise
fall through the cracks.
Okay. Alright. I understand.
But the thing is.
you're not his teacher.
And for someone who is desperate
to prove their innocence.
you might want to
rethink your behaviour.
Just a suggestion.
You okay?
Fine.
It's kind of an end
of season thank you.
Yeah. it looks like they're
enjoying themselves.
You coming?
- Oh. I was just leaving.
- Don't go yet.
I don't think...
Come on. It'll be fun.
Okay. Just for a while.
You could have hurt that kid.
Did that cross your mind?
I saved his life. Stopped
that prick from abducting him.
He's already made a
complaint against you.
What you did was
bordering on assault.
Well. what are you
going to do? Charge me?
Don't think because
you're a former cop.
the rules don't apply.
or because you took
me fishing once.
we're somehow buddies and I'm
going to put up with bullshit.
I won't.
- Here you go.
- Oh. Damien. No.
Sorry.
Wait!
Why are you looking
at me like that?
Stop looking at me like that.
It wasn't my fault.
Don't look at me!
Don't...
It's okay. It's okay.
Let it come. You're in a
safe place. Don't resist it.
Just let it all out.
I killed him!
I killed my baby boy.
I killed him. my son.
It's alright.
Oh my baby boy! I killed my son.
It's okay. It's all okay.
Oh. it's all okay.
It's all okay.
You're late.
Everything all right?
Yeah. I'm fine.
It's all okay.
I am offering today's Mass
in memory of Luke Samson.
beloved only son of Tammy
Samson and of Brokenridge.
We pray that God's grace
and infinite love will
bring peace to Tammy's heart
and the hearts of
all those here.
of all denominations
and beliefs.
who knew and loved Luke.
We pray that our
new Sergeant. Andie.
by the grace of the divine Lord.
will find our missing daughter.
Claire. and bring her home.
It's in challenging
times like this.
when God calls on each one
of us to show compassion
and forgiveness to our
brothers and sisters.
Even those who have wronged us.
even those who have
turned away from Him.
I know this town
will pull together
and support each other.
With the love of
God. let us pray.
Thanks for coming.
It means a lot to me.
And to me. Tam.
Good to see you. Sam.
Father.
When are you coming
back to the Lord?
When he gets off his arse.
and gives us justice
for Luke Samson.
Until then. it's down to me.
Morning. Sarge.
We've had a report of
gunshots up in Newman's Hut
where Claire Harris
was last seen.
I'm heading up there
to check it out.
Not on your own. you're not.
I'm sorry. I've got
to go with Reza.
What about our picnic?
Start without me.
I'll catch you up.
His name was Charlie.
He was three.
I was rushing to
deliver some work.
It was my first solo
exhibition. and I was.
so self-absorbed that I
forgot my son's asthma puffer.
He had an attack. in the
car. on the way there.
I rushed him to the hospital.
Doctors worked on him. but they
couldn't save him.
Your suffering is your strength.
You need to use it in your
work. not hide from it.
It's your son's gift to you.
Shit Rez! Get down!
They're coming from
inside the hut.
Put that on.
You ready?
You'll be right. Let's go.
Police! Drop the gun!
Oh shit. Maddie.
Fuck! That got your
attention. didn't it?
I think she's pissed. Sarge.
No kidding.
Hey Mads. it's me Rez. What
the hell are you doing?
Fuck you. Reza. Fuck all of you.
What did I do?
You were meant to find
Mum and you didn't.
You just. you gave up.
You fucking called
off the search.
I'm sorry.
Oh. just stop fucking pawing me.
and get out there
and look for her!
Is this your shotgun?
Because it's an illegal one.
I borrowed it. from Nash Mason.
Where are you going?
I've got an offence to
charge the Masons with.
Take her home.
Hello?
- Oh shit!
- What the fuck!?
Get your hands up and
get down on the ground.
Move!
I said get down. now!
This is Sergeant
Whitford in Brokenridge.
I need urgent back-up
at the Mason's place
on Old Sawmill Road.
I found suspected human
remains on the property.
Is it Claire Harris?
Only if she had
hoofs and a tail.
It's a deer carcass. Sarge.
It's rotten meat
for the yabbie pots.
All these guns are registered.
- What about this one?
- That ain't ours.
Maddie Harris said she
borrowed it from you.
Then Ms. Harris is talking
out of her self-entitled arse.
I've never seen it before.
What about these knives?
Not seen them either?
It's a hobby of ours.
We buy them cheap.
re-handle them.
then flog them off
to the tourists at the
markets for triple the price.
Going to arrest us
for that. Sarge?
Hey. Reza.
Sarge. the Mason's
knife story checks out.
Ah shit!
Did you talk to Maddie Harris?
Yeah. she's not admitting it.
but I reckon that shotgun
belongs to her dad.
Fuck!
Okay. thanks Reza.
What do you want
me to do with it?
Destroy it.
Hey!
Sorry I didn't make it
back for the picnic.
Whatever.
We'll be having dinner soon.
Mum's working late at The Farm.
She said not to wait for her.
Okay. how about we go
to the pub for dinner?
I'm Facetiming my
friends tonight.
since the ones here
are all delinquents.
Yeah. Good one.
So. we get a call out to
the Mason's property. right.
Big fucking emergency.
Sarge needs backup.
She's found human
remains in a barrel.
You're shitting me. Who was it?
Claire Harris. or that
fella she's rooting?
Neither.
Hey. Showbag. Give us
all another round. hey.
My shout.
You just fixed up
your tab. alright.
I'm not starting
you another one.
Well...
What. you managed to turn a
few tricks. did you Rachie?
Don't give him one.
Anyway. anyway. so
I rock up. alright.
I have a poke around the barrel.
Turns out she can't
tell the difference
between human remains
and a deer carcass.
Whiskey. thanks.
Make that two. Showbag.
Hey Brett.
Remember the time we got that
call out to Bob Dunstan's place?
There's a funny story.
Ah. it's not that funny.
No. shut up dickhead. We want
to hear it. Come on. Sam.
So. we get a call from
his daughter in Melbourne
who's worried because old Bob
isn't answering his phone.
So Brett here goes around.
looks through the window
and sees that old Bob's
passed out in his chair.
He breaks in through
the back door
and the whole place
stinks like the dead.
And he realises there's
cat shit everywhere.
That's the smell.
So then Brett decides maybe
he should check Bob's pulse.
Bullshit! That's
not how it happened.
So he's basically
groping around his neck
and suddenly Bob comes to.
and panics.
Brett here stumbles back.
falls on the cat and kills it.
So. old Bob is
screaming his head off.
"You killed my bloody cat.
You killed my bloody cat."
So much so that he
has a heart attack.
So Brett calls the
ambulance for him
and the undertaker ends
up taking the fucking cat.
You are such a loser. sweetie.
You know I'm banned
from seeing you?
I'm banned from seeing you too.
Andie will kill me
if she finds out.
My dad will kill me too.
So. I guess we'll die together.
Oh the flame trees Will
blind the weary driver
And there's nothing else
Could set fire to this town
There's no change
There's no pace
Everything within its place
Just makes it harder To
believe she won't be...